[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai!
After Piccolo had tricked Cell
into revealing his identity,
the crafty monster managed
to wriggle free of the trap!
Now, the search is on...
[PICCOLO]
That's what we're up against,
in order to prevent Cell
from reaching his perfect form,
we'll either need to find
him and destroy him...
or we'll have to
figure out a way
to destroy Androids
Seventeen and Eighteen...
It's one or the other.
♪ opening song ♪
So... there you have it...
Cell's here for
the sole purpose
of absorbing Seventeen
and Eighteen...
He won't rest
until he's succeeded
and achieved his Perfect form.
And... in the meantime...
He's gonna keep
wiping out cities
to make himself stronger...
unless we stop 'im!
We have to find him first.
Now that he knows
Piccolo is a threat
to him in his current form,
he'll keep moving
from place to place
with his energy hidden.
We'll just be left
chasing his shadow.
Man...
So unless we get a
step ahead of him
before he absorbs
those androids,
we're gonna have
a real problem...
The whole planet
could be in danger!
Yes and not just our planet...
In his Perfect form,
Cell could pose a threat
to the whole universe...
I'd assume...
with Frieza's DNA
in his make-up,
he's not lacking in ambition.
[VEGETA]
And don't forget mine!
Where you see a threat,
I see a challenge...!
If Cell wants to
absorb these androids,
then I say let him...
If it will save
me the trouble
of hunting them
all down one-by-one.
Then we'll see how
"perfect" he is
when I scrape him
from my boot heels!
Don't overestimate yourself...
If Cell absorbs
Seventeen and Eighteen,
his strength will be more than
both of theirs combined--
and you remember how you
fared against just one of them.
Oh and don't get patronizing
with me, Namekian...!
Not unless you want me
to deal with you first!
Look...!
I promise you
I will defeat them...
If Super Saiyan's not enough...
I'll go beyond!
Beyond a Super Saiyan?
Is that even possible?
I'm sure Kakarot
will do the same
when he wakes up...
Count on it.
Yes, I think I'll stick
to doing things my way...
You fools can do whatever
you're going to do on your own.
Imagine a level
beyond Super Saiyan?
I don't know...
But for our sakes,
let's hope he's right.
[KRILLIN]
Listen, Trunks...
These rules
for time travel...
You said it wouldn't
do any good to go back
to the past and try
to destroy the androids
before they wake, right?
Yeah... Right...
We could create
a new timeline
where the androids
didn't exist,
but it wouldn't help us
get rid of the ones here.
Then I guess it'd just be
a waste of time if I said...
let's go back to Gero's lab
and blow up the
mini-Cell that's still
in the tank or
whatever... right?
No... You're right, we
should do it anyway...
We can at least
make sure that
another Cell doesn't show up
twenty years from now
in this timeline's future.
[PICCOLO]
Then it's settled.
You three head to the lab.
I'll search the area here to see
if I can pick up Cell's trail.
[KRILLIN]
Right.
I'll stay... You
need the extra eyes.
Okay...
but if you still haven't
found him in a few hours...
come meet us back
at Master Roshi's...
If we keep an eye on the TV,
the news'll prob'ly
tell us the next time
he pops his head up.
Yeah... Good idea.
Ready?
Dad thinks he can find a
level beyond Super Saiyan...?
That sounds insane...
I never bothered
to look that far.
[KRILLIN] It does
seem pretty far-fetched.
But then, when it
comes to Vegeta and Goku,
I wouldn't put
anything past 'em!
No question, this
was Cell's doing.
He needs a lot more
energy than this
before he goes
after the androids.
He'll want to
head somewhere
with a pretty
large population.
This didn't happen
very long ago.
He probably hasn't gotten far.
Let's keep looking.
It's freezing!
So what now...?
If there is a basement
down there somewhere...
we'll have a heck of
a time gettin' to it
under all this rubble.
[TRUNKS]
I have an idea.
You might wanna
stand back a minute.
[explosions]
[TRUNKS]
Over here.
[KRILLIN]
What'cha got?
[TRUNKS] Come see
for yourself...
I'm guessing
this must be it.
Must be...
Well, should we
go have a look?
I'm in.
[creaking]
Man... so it
really is here...
That's one mean lookin'
computer, alright.
Hey... Look at this,
Krillin... Here he is.
Cell. Still in the tank,
just like you said...
Well okay... In that case,
there's no point in
waiting around then...
Let's trash this place!
No... Hold off on
that for just a minute.
These are blueprints.
Yeah...? What're they for...?
The plans for Cell?
No...
It says these are the
plans for Android Seventeen.
[KRILLIN]
Seventeen?
Wow, for real?
Yeah...!
Do you realize what
this means, Krillin...?
If we bring these
back to my mom,
she might be able to
figure out a weakness
in the design!
Right...! If
anyone can, she can!
So what else you got?
Any plans for Sixteen? or Cell?
[TRUNKS]
Let's see...
No, these don't look
like anything useful.
[KRILLIN] All right,
then what do you say?
Let's blow this place
and head back to Capsule Corp.
Right!
[explosions]
You're finished...!
I won't let you
destroy another future!
Never again!
That's enough... Let's
get back to the surface.
Yeah!
An' here's one more...
for the road!
[big explosion]
[KRILLIN]
Man, that felt good!
And hey--finding
those blueprints
was a nice little bonus, huh?
[TRUNKS]
You said it.
Listen... Krillin...
Think you can manage
taking these plans
back to my mom on your own?
Why...? Where
are you gonna be?
Actually... I'm
thinking it would be a
better idea for me to
go train with my dad...
If it really is
possible to reach
another level above
Super Saiyan...
I should try.
[KRILLIN]
Ah. Don't worry, I get it...
It's just, well, don't
take this the wrong way,
but I don't think Vegeta's
gonna be too thrilled
about havin' you tag along.
No...
And I'd be lying if I said
I was looking
forward to it myself...
But... even so,
I think Dad..
will have to recognize
that training with a partner
can produce much faster
results than training alone...
It'll be good for both of us.
Right... Well good luck...
I hope everything works
out the way you want it to.
You watch yourself.
Yeah, you too.
Thanks.
[crash]
[flapping wings]
[clothes rustling]
Ahhhhh!!!!
[gasp]
Over there... It was
very faint, but...
there was definitely
a surge of energy...
Right down there.
That... freak...!
We're too late...
He's already moved on.
It's just a
no-win situation...
Fly in fast... and
Cell senses us coming...
Suppress our energy...
we're not fast
enough to catch him...
before he feeds...
Well...
While these two are spinning
hopelessly in circles,
I think I'll be off in
search of my next meal.
[BULMA]
Basically...
if we can use these blueprints
to find a weakness
in Android Seventeen,
we can keep Cell
from absorbing him
and blowing up the world,
that about cover it?
Well... easier
said than done...
These schematics-...
A lot of this is
beyond even me!
Real shame...
You know, if Dr. Gero had
only used his genius for good,
he could have done some truly
wondrous things for the world.
Looks like he started
with human base
and up-converted all
the organic tissue
on a cellular level...
and the polarized nuclei
would make it possible
for his body and
Cell's to fuse together.
I'll have to study this
some more to say for sure...
but there are a few
synthetic components
in the design that might be
our best hope
for a weak spot.
We'll let you know once
we find something...
'Kay buddy?
Yeah, great...
The sooner the better.
Sense anything?
uh-uh...
I'm sure that was
Cell I sensed earlier,
but now nothing.
Then... we just
have to try harder!
We can't let him reach
his perfect form!
[WOMAN ON PHONE] Hello?
Did something happen? Hello?!
[BOY]
It's coming!
Ah... It's Krillin.
I'm impressed you
were able to find me
in a place like this...
[KRILLIN] Oh man, I was just
tryin' to take a shortcut
to Master Roshi's.
Just my luck I'd
run into this creep!
[GIRL]
Um... Mister?
Huh?
Thank you for saving us.
Uh! Yeah...!
Sure thing...!
Now you should really go.
[GIRL]
Right...! C'mon.
[BOY]
Thanks, mister!
[Cell]
mwuhahahaha
You've actually made
this easier on me...
Your bioenergy will
go so much farther
than those
pathetic specimens...
Get on! Hurry!
'Kay... here we go!
So-lar... Flare!
We made it!
He's gone...!
Where did he go?
Hold on!
I'm going to enjoy
absorbing you...
[PICCOLO]
Krillin!
Oh well... Another time.
- ah, ah, ah
He's already
hidden his energy...
Hey, are you
alright, Krillin?
Sure... never been better.
[VEGETA] I promise you
I will defeat them...
and if Super Saiyan's
not enough...
I'll go beyond!
If Dad can take his
power to a new level,
then I can, too...
I have to try!
For Mom...
Where's... the road!
Uh, C'mon!
Dunno...
That's why they call this
"off-roading"... get it?
Sixteen, please tell me
we're getting closer
to Goku's house.
Yes... It is directly ahead.
Good... that makes
things much easier.
Here's what I think
of your "off-roading."
See? Now isn't that better?
Yeah, sure...
It's great if
you're in a hurry...
just not if you want
to have a little fun
along the way.
"Fun" is something
humans have...
And last time I checked,
we're not humans anymore.
And so, three
days came and went,
and still, Cell's
terror spree continued...
We're receiving reports
that the Gingertown monster
is now moving
through the urban areas
of Section 48 South...
According to
initial estimates,
it appears that over
half the population
has already been taken.
There's no way we'll
get there in time!
Hold on!
Gohan...! Be safe, okay?!
If we fly in this thing,
he won't sense us comin'
'til we land right
on top of 'im...!
We've got 'im!
We'll still have
to make it fast
before he absorbs
Seventeen and Eighteen guys,
but yeah...! We're
back in business!
Right...! I'm definitely
liking our chances.
How can we lose?
All we have to
do is find him,
and then Piccolo
can swoop in
with his new powers
to take care of the rest!
I'm afraid it's not
going to be that easy.
Unless we do
land right on him,
we'll still have a
chase on our hands.
What was that...?!
Did the androids find us?!
Are we under attack?!
Goku...! Huh?
Goku? Where are you?
What's with all the commotion?
Eh??
[ROSHI]
Whoooa!! Ho ho...
--Goku!!
Ho ho! Okay... why not...
Goku...!!
Hi!
Goku!
I'm sorry I gave you
such a big scare...
But you don't have
to worry anymore.
I'm all better, I promise.
Are you? You really promise?
C'mon... if I was still
sick, could I do this?
Oh, Goku!
Stop, you're being silly!
Ahhhhhh!!
Oh boy... I guess I over
did it a little bit there...
You're crazy--!
It's alright,
I've got you honey,
it's really good
to see you Chichi.
Goku...
Master Roshi.
Seems you're back
to your old self.
Yup... Fired up
and ready to go!
I could still
hear everything
that was happening
while I was dreaming...
So I already know
what we're up against.
Guess we're gonna
have a real fight
on our hands
this time, huh.
Hold on...! Slow down!
You've gotta be
kidding, right...?
You can't start
fighting already...
You just got better!
It's alright, don't worry...
I know I'm not ready...
After all, if Vegeta
can't beat them yet,
I probably can't either.
I'll have to figure out a way
to take things
to the next level.
I'll push myself
beyond Super Saiyan!
[NARRATOR ]At last--Goku is
back, and ready for action!
But can he boost
his powers enough
to turn the tide against
Dr. Gero's nefarious creations?
A storm is coming--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOKU[]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
There's only one way to defeat
crazy strong enemies like these,
and that's go even bigger
than Super Saiyan!
[ROSHI]
Listen to yourself Goku!
That sounds impossible!
[GOKU] Well, I'm sure
Vegeta's gonna try too...
Tell you what--
if I can't do it after
one year, I'll give up.
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN]
Come on! Do it Piccolo!